Content: Release 2.7 (#2416)
FlowFuse/website: src/blog/2024/08/flowfuse-2-7-release.md

![Screenshot showing the new Bulk Device Actions feature in FlowFuse](../../../changelog/2024/07/images/bulk-delete-1.png){data-zoomable}
_Screenshot showing the new Bulk Device Actions feature in FlowFuse_

For now, we just support bulk delete, but we're planning to add [more bulk actions](https://github.com/FlowFuse/flowfuse/issues/2381) in the very near future.

### And Much More...

For a full list of everything that went into our 2.7 release, you can check out the [release notes](https://github.com/FlowFuse/flowfuse/releases/tag/v2.7.0).

We're always working to enhance your experience with FlowFuse. We're always interested in your thoughts about FlowFuse too. Your feedback is crucial to us, and we'd love to hear about your experiences with the new features and improvements. Please share your thoughts, suggestions, or report any [issues on GitHub](https://github.com/FlowFuse/flowfuse/issues/new/choose). 

Together, we can make FlowFuse better with each release!

## Try it out

### Self-Hosted

> We're confident you can have self managed FlowFuse running locally in under 30 minutes. You can install our [local build](/docs/install/local/), use [Docker](/docs/install/docker/), or [Kubernetes](/docs/install/kubernetes/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We're confident you can have self managed FlowFuse running locally in under 30 minutes. You can install using [Docker](/docs/install/docker/) or [Kubernetes](/docs/install/kubernetes/).
```

### FlowFuse Cloud

The quickest and easiest way to get started with FlowFuse is on our own hosted instance, FlowFuse Cloud: [Get started for free]({{ site.appURL }}/account/create) now, and you'll have your own Node-RED instances running in the Cloud within minutes.

## Upgrading FlowFuse

> If you're using [FlowFuse Cloud]({{ site.appURL }}), then there is nothing you need to do - it's already running 2.6, and you may have already been playing with the new features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're using [FlowFuse Cloud]({{ site.appURL }}), then there is nothing you need to do - it's already running 2.7, and you may have already been playing with the new features.
```
